Add Young2020epidemiologic (#54)
shedding-hub/shedding-hub: data/young2020epidemiologic/young2020epidemiologic-extraction.md

First, we `import` python modules needed:

```python
#import modules;
import yaml
import pandas as pd
import numpy as np
from shedding_hub import folded_str, literal_str
```

Raw data ([CombinedDataset](https://github.com/shedding-hub/shedding-hub/blob/main/data/young2020epidemiologic/CombinedDataset.xlsx)), which is stored on [Shedding Hub](https://github.com/shedding-hub), will be loaded and cleaned to match the most updated [schema](https://github.com/shedding-hub/shedding-hub/blob/main/data/.schema.yaml).

```python
df = pd.read_excel(os.path.join(current_directory, 'Challenger2022/CombinedDataset.xlsx'), sheet_name='Viral_Load')
young2020 = df[df['StudyNum'] == 6].copy()
columns_to_drop = ['Estimated', 'SevMax', 'Sev1st', 'Died', 'SevMax3']
young2020 = young2020.drop(columns=columns_to_drop)

> # Transform Ct value to gc/swab using obtained standard curve

Reviewer: Consider adding some descriptions of how the standard curve was back-calculated and maybe adding a visualization (points with the standard curve from Goyal data, Viral_Loads.csv) here in the Markdown file. Write down the equation of the standard curve in a Markdown block and explain this is obtained from Goyal et al. (2020).

Author: Just to confirm, if I want to add an image to a .md file, I can embed an image link using a format similar to how we include links for datasets. I can link to an image uploaded to the 'young2020epidemiologic' folder. Or is there a specific place where you would like me to store the image or a preferred naming convention for the image file, or is there a better way to include images? Please let me know 😃.

Reviewer: Yes, I think you need to include the figure in the  'young2020epidemiologic' folder and insert
`![plot](plot.png)`
in your md code.

First, we `import` python modules needed:

```python
#import modules;
import yaml
import pandas as pd
import numpy as np
from shedding_hub import folded_str, literal_str
```

Raw data ([CombinedDataset](https://github.com/shedding-hub/shedding-hub/blob/main/data/young2020epidemiologic/CombinedDataset.xlsx)), which is stored on [Shedding Hub](https://github.com/shedding-hub), will be loaded and cleaned to match the most updated [schema](https://github.com/shedding-hub/shedding-hub/blob/main/data/.schema.yaml).

```python

> df = pd.read_excel(os.path.join(current_directory, 'Challenger2022/CombinedDataset.xlsx'), sheet_name='Viral_Load')

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
df = pd.read_excel('CombinedDataset.xlsx', sheet_name='Viral_Load')
```

young2020 = df[df['StudyNum'] == 6].copy()
columns_to_drop = ['Estimated', 'SevMax', 'Sev1st', 'Died', 'SevMax3']
young2020 = young2020.drop(columns=columns_to_drop)
```
## Standard Curve Back-Calculation for Viral Load Estimation

The standard curve for converting `Ct` values to viral load per swab was established using a linear regression model based on data from the [Goyal et al. (2020)](https://www.science.org/doi/10.1126/sciadv.abc7112) dataset.

```python
from sklearn.linear_model import LinearRegression
Young2020 = pd.read_csv("Viral_Loads.csv")
Young2020 = Young2020[Young2020["cov_study"]==1]
Young2020 = Young2020[Young2020['Ct'] != 40]
X = Young2020['Ct'].values.reshape(-1, 1)
Y = Young2020['VL'].values
model = LinearRegression()
model.fit(X, Y)
predictions = model.predict(X)
slope = model.coef_[0]
intercept = model.intercept_
print(f"Slope: {slope}")
print(f"Intercept: {intercept}")
```

> ![Linear Regression Plot](data/young2020epidemiologic/Goyal_linreg.png)
> 
> Cycle threshold values were plotted against the corresponding viral load (VL) values per swab in ![Linear Regression Plot](data/young2020epidemiologic/Goyal_linreg.png). A linear regression was performed to obtain the slope and intercept of the standard curve and serves as the basis for converting `Ct` values from other samples in [Challenger et al. (2022)](https://doi.org/10.1186/s12916-021-02220-0) into viral load concentration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
![Linear Regression Plot](Goyal_linreg.png)

Cycle threshold values were plotted against the corresponding viral load (VL) values per swab in the figure above. A linear regression was performed to obtain the slope and intercept of the standard curve and serves as the basis for converting `Ct` values from other samples in [Challenger et al. (2022)](https://doi.org/10.1186/s12916-021-02220-0) into viral load concentration.
```
